README.md, before:

# Deliorman Restaurant Website

## Overview
A simple informative website for Deliorman Restaurant built with Next.js. This static website showcases the restaurant's menu, location, hours, and contact information.

## Features
- Restaurant information (about, location, hours)
- Complete menu with categories and prices
- Photo gallery
- Contact details

## Tech Stack
- Next.js
- CSS/Tailwind CSS
- Deployed on Vercel

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (version 16+)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/deliorman-restaurant.git
cd deliorman-restaurant
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Project Structure
```
deliorman-website/
├── app/                 # Next.js App Router
│   ├── about/           # About page
│   ├── contact/         # Contact page
│   ├── menu/            # Menu page
│   └── page.js          # Homepage
├── components/          # React components
├── public/              # Images and static assets
└── styles/              # CSS styles
```

## Deployment
Deploy to Vercel by connecting your GitHub repository.

## Content Updates
Edit the menu and other content directly in the source files:
- Menu items: `app/menu/data.js`
- Restaurant info: `app/about/data.js`
- Contact details: `app/contact/page.js`

No CMS or backend is required as this is a static informative website.

Commit message:

Implement mobile-first typography and spacing
Refactored SCSS to use mobile-first base styles with progressive scaling at 790px and 992px breakpoints. Updated heading, text, button, and spacing utilities for better readability and layout on small screens. Adjusted button alignment and overlay colors in CallToAction and Schedule sections. Updated README with details about mobile-first design and customization.

README.md, after:

# Deliorman Restaurant Website

## Overview

A simple informative website for Deliorman Restaurant built with Next.js. This static website showcases the restaurant's menu, location, hours, and contact information.

## Features

- Restaurant information (about, location, hours)
- Complete menu with categories and prices
- Photo gallery
- Contact details

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 14 (App Router)
- SCSS (modular styles) + small Bootstrap plugin CSS
- Swiper, Font Awesome
- Deployed on Vercel

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (version 16+)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/deliorman-restaurant.git
cd deliorman-restaurant
```

1. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

1. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

1. Open <http://localhost:3000> in your browser.

## Project Structure

```text
deliorman-website/
├── app/                 # Next.js App Router
│   ├── about/           # About page
│   ├── contact/         # Contact page
│   ├── menu/            # Menu page
│   └── page.js          # Homepage
├── components/          # React components
├── public/              # Images and static assets
└── styles/              # CSS styles
```

## Deployment

Deploy to Vercel by connecting your GitHub repository.

## Content Updates

Edit the menu and other content directly in the source files:

- Menu items: `app/menu/data.js`
- Restaurant info: `app/about/data.js`
- Contact details: `app/contact/page.js`

No CMS or backend is required as this is a static informative website.

## Mobile-first design (recent update)

- Base typography, spacing, and buttons are now mobile-first with progressive enhancement at 790px and 992px breakpoints.
- Buttons auto-center on small screens and use compact heights.
- Section paddings and large margins are reduced on mobile to avoid cramped layouts.

Adjust tokens in `src/app/_styles/scss/_common.scss` if you need different scales:

- Typography: base sizes and `@media (min-width: 790px|992px)` overrides
- Spacing: `.tst-mb-*`, `.tst-p-*` utilities with breakpoint scaling
- Buttons: `.tst-btn` base height/padding and mobile centering rules
